Psalm 39 to the chief musician to Jeju
Psalm 39 to the chief musician to Jeju for a psalm of David I said I will guard
for a psalm of David I said I will guard
for a psalm of David I said I will guard my ways
my ways
my ways lest I sin with my tongue I will
lest I sin with my tongue I will
lest I sin with my tongue I will restrain my mouth with a muzzle while
restrain my mouth with a muzzle while
restrain my mouth with a muzzle while the wicked are before me I was mute
the wicked are before me I was mute
the wicked are before me I was mute silence they held my peace even from
silence they held my peace even from
silence they held my peace even from good and my sorrow was stirred up my
good and my sorrow was stirred up my
good and my sorrow was stirred up my heart was hot within me while I was
heart was hot within me while I was
heart was hot within me while I was musing the fire burned then I spoke with
musing the fire burned then I spoke with
musing the fire burned then I spoke with my tongue
my tongue
my tongue Lord make me to know my end and what is
Lord make me to know my end and what is
Lord make me to know my end and what is the measure of my days that I may know
the measure of my days that I may know
the measure of my days that I may know how frail I am indeed you have made my
how frail I am indeed you have made my
how frail I am indeed you have made my days as hen breaths and my age is as
days as hen breaths and my age is as
days as hen breaths and my age is as nothing before you certainly every man
nothing before you certainly every man
nothing before you certainly every man at his best state is but vapor surely
at his best state is but vapor surely
at his best state is but vapor surely every man walks about like a shadow
every man walks about like a shadow
every man walks about like a shadow surely they busy themselves in vain he
surely they busy themselves in vain he
surely they busy themselves in vain he heaps up riches and does not know who
heaps up riches and does not know who
heaps up riches and does not know who will gather them and now Lord what do I
will gather them and now Lord what do I
will gather them and now Lord what do I wait for my hope is in you deliver me
wait for my hope is in you deliver me
wait for my hope is in you deliver me from all my transgressions do not make
from all my transgressions do not make
from all my transgressions do not make me the reproach of the foolish I was
me the reproach of the foolish I was
me the reproach of the foolish I was mute I did not open my mouth because it
mute I did not open my mouth because it
mute I did not open my mouth because it was you who did it remove your plague
was you who did it remove your plague
was you who did it remove your plague from me I am consumed by the blow of
from me I am consumed by the blow of
from me I am consumed by the blow of your hand when with rebukes you correct
your hand when with rebukes you correct
your hand when with rebukes you correct man for iniquity you make his beauty
man for iniquity you make his beauty
man for iniquity you make his beauty melt away like a morph surely every man
melt away like a morph surely every man
melt away like a morph surely every man is vapor hear my prayer Lord
is vapor hear my prayer Lord
is vapor hear my prayer Lord and give ear to my cry do not be silent
and give ear to my cry do not be silent
and give ear to my cry do not be silent and my tears for I am a stranger with
and my tears for I am a stranger with
and my tears for I am a stranger with you the Sojourner as all my father's
you the Sojourner as all my father's
you the Sojourner as all my father's were remove your gaze from me that I may
were remove your gaze from me that I may
were remove your gaze from me that I may regain strength before I go away and em
regain strength before I go away and em
regain strength before I go away and em no more
no more
no more [Music]